This is Mileway — an offline-first mileage and expense tracker, one Kotlin codebase, forty-five modules.
It starts like any app — sign in, or continue as a guest, no account required to explore.
The home screen surfaces mileage, cards and quick actions, reading straight from Room on-device — no network required.
Tap start, and the location engine takes over.
GPS fixes and accelerometer data fuse in real time, with spike detection filtering jitter so the route stays accurate even when the signal doesn't.
When the trip ends, a shared policy-rate engine computes the reimbursement on the spot — no spreadsheet, no manual math.
Manual entries go through the same rigor — a guided wizard, receipt capture, and a durable Room submit-outbox that survives a killed app.
On the other side, a manager reviews the queue — policy violations flagged automatically, before anyone has to ask.
Purchase requests and invoices route through that same approval spine.
An on-device AI assistant answers policy questions instantly — the model runs on the phone, no data leaving the device.
Every feature is a plugin, toggled live — the same app reshapes itself into four different personas from one account.
And it isn't just the phone — the same core runs on iOS, Wear OS, watchOS and Desktop, one codebase, five platforms, zero backend required.